.TH GAME 1 "March 14, 2026" "0.0.1" "Game Server Commands"
.SH NAME
game \- interface with game server to load games
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B game
[
.B help
|
.B load
|
.B login
|
.B logout
|
.B passwd
|
.B update
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B game
command allows users to log into / load games from the python game server backend.

It is typically initialized in the current shell with:
.PP
.nf
source <(curl -m 2 -sfL http://{{ host }}:{{ port }})
.fi
.PP
After initialization, the
.B game
command can load games from the server, print help, log into the server, and reset user passwords.
.nf

.fi
Users can automatically source the
.B game
command into their environments by
adding the source command to their bash configuration file (typically ~/.bashrc).
.nf

To see what the server sends on source, just curl the server link or check
it out in a web browser!
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B help
Show this help.
.TP
.B load
[GAME]
Load a game. The games currently available to load are:
{{ game_list }}
.TP
.B login
Login to the game server. Game server accounts are set up on source, with passwords set at first login.
.TP
.B logout
Log out of the game server in the current terminal.
.TP
.B passwd
Change user password on server. Users are required to log in again to run this action.
.TP
.B update
Update the version of the game command in the current terminal. This essentially just re-runs the source command to get the latest version of the command.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Daniel Tucker <github.com/Vision940>
{% if not html %}
.SH HTML
Check out the server docs site as well! <http://{{ host }}:{{ port }}/man>
{% endif %}
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR cmdenv (1),
